ld3 is a great game with robust
multiplayer options and excellent
visuals the ps3 version has mildly
interesting tilt control support but it
also has a choppy frame rate making 360
version of the game the better of the
two the motion sensing capabilities of
the sixaxis are used in a couple of ways
some are cool and others not so cool
when you're planting a bomb you'll need
to hit a button rotate the controller's
a few times to insert the fuse and then
hit a button to arm the bomb there's
also a close-quarters battle sequence it
takes place when you're surprised by an
animate these scripted events have you
rapidly tilting the controller left and
right to fight off your attacker and
then pressing a face button to finish
them off some of the scenes look pretty
cool with the mechanics of boring and
there are less than 10 of these
situations in the entire game there are
a few missions that place you in the
driver's seat of a jeep and you steer by
holding up the sixaxis and using it as a
steering wheel it's tough at first but
once you get the hang of it it's pretty
fun call of duty 3 puts you in the role
of several different soldiers for
America Britain Canada and Poland the
stories are particularly engaging but
they do give you the sense that you're
participating in a huge bore in the
game's first mission you'll find
yourself in the midst of one of the most
impressive firefights in any
first-person shooter to date there's
carnage everywhere bullets and grenades
whizz through the air while bombs
explode all around leaving soldiers to
scramble around dead bodies for whatever
cover they can find be that bombed-out
mausoleum or gravestone most of the rest
of the games 14 missions aren't quite as
intense but there's rarely a dull moment
to be found call of duty 3 isn't a
run-and-gun first-person shooter but
it's not a slow-paced as a tactical
shooter either you'll generally need to
stay behind cover pick off as many
soldiers as you can and then advance the
next safe location did you spend so much
time behind cover it would have been
nice to have the ability to lean you can
do pretty well without it the game's not
terribly difficult on the default
setting nor is it particularly limping
clocking in at around eight to ten hours
from start to finish but on the higher
difficulties it's much more challenging
the enemies are much more aggressive
they're better shots and the health
disappears much quicker call of duty 3s
online component is more robust on the
xbox 360 but there's still a lot to like
on PlayStation 3 24 people can play
online but whereas for players for xbox
360 could go online just one person can
play on a single p
three call of duty threes visuals are
great though a problematic frame rate
leaves the game looking decidedly less
impressive than it does on the xbox 360
the frame rate is fast and mostly smooth
on the 360 but it's extremely choppy on
the playstation 3 problem isn't limited
to hectic battle sequences either it
will chug in rooms that are completely
empty outdoor environments are
particularly impressive but you don't
have much time to admire falling rain
planes flying overhead or a puddle that
is collected a hole left by a grenade
when you're trying to escape death the
game's effects are outstanding throwing
a smoke grenade results in a thick cloud
of smoke so dense and so realistic
you'll sometimes find yourself squinting
in an effort to see better explosions
from grenades rockets and bombs are
similarly impressive call duty 3 sounds
phenomenal you'll hear bullets coming
from all directions and explosions will
rattle your and your neighbors walls the
chatter from both your fellow soldiers
and your enemies not only adds to the
atmosphere but also provides helpful
clues as to what you need to do next
d'oh Goldsmith has written a gorgeous
orchestral soundtrack that elevates the
presentation to another level from start
to finish call 33 as an intense
experience and a great game dividuals
are great and the sound is some of the
best in any game to date it doesn't play
much differently than call of duty to
though so if you're not a fan of
first-person shooters this game won't
change your mind but for those that are
called duty 3 is a must own